Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/benchmarks/performance_benchmarks_faq.md

# Performance Information Frequently Asked Questions {#openvino_docs_performance_benchmarks_faq}

> The following questions (Q#) and answers (A) are related to published [performance benchmarks](./performance_benchmarks.md) article.

Author: ```suggestion
The following questions (Q#) and answers (A) are related to published [performance benchmarks](./performance_benchmarks.md).
```

#### Q1: How often do performance benchmarks get updated?

> **A**: New performance benchmarks are typically published on every *`major.minor`8 release of the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit.

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: New performance benchmarks are typically published on every `major.minor` release of the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit.
```

#### Q2: Where can I find the models used in the performance benchmarks?

> **A**: All used models are included in the toolkit's [Open Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo) GitHub repository.

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: All models used are included in the GitHub repository of [Open Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo).
```

> #### Q3: Are there gonna be any new models added to the list used for benchmarking?

Author: ```suggestion
#### Q3: Will there be any new models added to the list used for benchmarking?
```
Let us refrain from a colloquial language ;)

> **A**: The models used in the performance benchmarks were chosen based on general adoption and usage in deployment scenarios. New models that support a diverse set of workloads and usage are going to be added.

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: The models used in the performance benchmarks were chosen based on general adoption and usage in deployment scenarios. New models that support a diverse set of workloads and usage are added periodically.
```

#### Q4: What does "CF" or "TF" in the graphs stand for?
**A**: The "CF" means "Caffe", and "TF" means "TensorFlow".

#### Q5: How can I run the benchmark results on my own?

> **A**: All of the performance benchmarks were generated using the open-sourced tool within the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit called *`benchmark_app`*. This tool is available in both [C++](../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md) and [Python](../../tools/benchmark_tool/README.md).

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: All of the performance benchmarks were generated using the open-source tool within the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit called `benchmark_app`. This tool is available in both [C++](../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md) and [Python](../../tools/benchmark_tool/README.md).
```

#### Q6: What image sizes are used for the classification network models?

> **A**: The image size used in inference depends on the benchmarked network. Below table presents the list of input sizes for each network model:

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: The image size used in inference depends on the benchmarked network. The table below presents the list of input sizes for each network model:
```

| [ssdlite_mobilenet_v2-TF](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/ssdlite_mobilenet_v2)     | ssdlite_mobilenet_v2                  | object detection            | 300x300                        |
| [unet-camvid-onnx-0001](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel/unet-camvid-onnx-0001) | U-Net  | semantic segmentation       | 368x480                        |
| [yolo-v3-tiny-tf](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/yolo-v3-tiny-tf)                 | YOLO v3 Tiny                          | object detection            | 416x416 |
| [yolo-v3](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/yolo-v3-tf)                               | YOLO v3                               | object detection            | 416x416 |
| [ssd-resnet34-1200-onnx](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/ssd-resnet34-1200-onnx)   | ssd-resnet34 onnx model               | object detection            | 1200x1200 |

#### Q7: Where can I purchase the specific hardware used in the benchmarking?

> **A**: As Intel partners with various vendors all over the world you can visit the [Intel® AI: In Production Partners & Solutions Catalog](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/internet-of-things/ai-in-production/partners-solutions-catalog.html) for a list of Equipment Makers. For more details see the [Supported Devices](../OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Supported_Devices.md) documentation. Furthermore, remote tests and model runs can be made before purchasing any hardware by using [Intel® DevCloud for the Edge](http://devcloud.intel.com/edge/).

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: As Intel partners with various vendors all over the world, you may visit the [Intel® AI: In Production Partners & Solutions Catalog](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/internet-of-things/ai-in-production/partners-solutions-catalog.html) for a list of Equipment Makers. For more details see the [Supported Devices](../OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Supported_Devices.md) documentation. Furthermore, remote tests and model runs can be made before purchasing any hardware by using [Intel® DevCloud for the Edge](http://devcloud.intel.com/edge/).
```

#### Q8: How can I optimize my models for better performance or accuracy?

> **A**: Set of guidelines and recommendations to optimize models are available in the [optimization guide](../optimization_guide/dldt_optimization_guide.md). Further support can be find by joinning the conversation in the [Community Forum](https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/intel-distribution-of-openvino-toolkit).

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: Set of guidelines and recommendations to optimize models are available in the [optimization guide](../optimization_guide/dldt_optimization_guide.md).  Join the conversation in the [Community Forum](https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/intel-distribution-of-openvino-toolkit) for further support.
```

#### Q9: Why are INT8 optimized models used for benchmarking on CPUs with no VNNI support?

> **A**: The benefit of low-precision optimization using the OpenVINO™ toolkit model optimizer extends beyond processors supporting VNNI through Intel® DL Boost. The reduced bit width of INT8 compared to FP32 allows Intel® CPU to process the data faster. Therefore, it offers better throughput on any converted model-agnostic of the intrinsically supported low-precision optimizations within Intel® hardware. For comparison on boost factors for different network models and a selection of Intel® CPU architectures (including AVX-2 with Intel® Core™ i7-8700T, and AVX-512 (VNNI) with Intel® Xeon® 5218T and Intel® Xeon® 8270), refer to the [Model Accuracy for INT8 and FP32 Precision](performance_int8_vs_fp32.md) article.

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: The benefit of low-precision optimization using the OpenVINO™ toolkit model optimizer extends beyond processors supporting VNNI through Intel® DL Boost. The reduced bit width of INT8 compared to FP32 allows Intel® CPU to process the data faster. Therefore, it offers better throughput on any converted model, regardless of the intrinsically supported low-precision optimizations within Intel® hardware. For comparison on boost factors for different network models and a selection of Intel® CPU architectures, including AVX-2 with Intel® Core™ i7-8700T, and AVX-512 (VNNI) with Intel® Xeon® 5218T and Intel® Xeon® 8270, refer to the [Model Accuracy for INT8 and FP32 Precision](performance_int8_vs_fp32.md) article.
```

#### Q10: Where can I search for OpenVINO™ performance results based on HW-platforms?

> **A**: The web site format has changed in order to support the more common search approach of looking for the performance of a given neural network model on different HW-platforms. As opposed to review a given HW-platform's performance on a different neural network models.

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: The website format has changed in order to support more common approach of searching for the performance results of a given neural network model on different HW-platforms. As opposed to reviewing performance of a given HW-platform when working with different neural network models.
```

#### Q11: How is Latency measured?

> **A**: Latency is measured by running the OpenVINO™ Runtime in synchronous mode. In this mode each frame or image is processed through the entire set of stages (pre-processing, inference, post-processing) before the next frame or image is processed. This KPI is relevant for applications where the inference on a single image is required. For example the analysis of an ultra sound image in a medical application or the analysis of a seismic image in the oil & gas industry. Other use cases include real or near real-time applications like: an industrial robot's response to changes in its environment and obstacle avoidance for autonomous vehicles, where a quick response to the result of the inference is required.

Author: ```suggestion
**A**: Latency is measured by running the OpenVINO™ Runtime in synchronous mode. In this mode, each frame or image is processed through the entire set of stages (pre-processing, inference, post-processing) before the next frame or image is processed. This KPI is relevant for applications where the inference on a single image is required. For example, the analysis of an ultra sound image in a medical application or the analysis of a seismic image in the oil & gas industry. Other use cases include real or near real-time applications, e.g. the response of industrial robot to changes in its environment and obstacle avoidance for autonomous vehicles, where a quick response to the result of the inference is required.
```
